[DOCS-11374] Add parse xml image (#30262)
DataDog/documentation: layouts/shortcodes/observability_pipelines/processors/parse_xml.md

</recipe>
```

> The following image shows a Windows Event 4625 log in XML and the same log parsed and outputted in JSON. By parsing the XML log, the size of the log event was reduced by approximately 30%.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The following image shows a Windows Event 4625 log in XML, next to the same log parsed and output in JSON. By parsing the XML log, the size of the log event was reduced by approximately 30%.
```
